README.md, before:

#_My journey to Epicodus_

####_This is a project about me to display what I've learned week 1, 3.20.20_

#### By_**Taylor Phillips**_

## Description

_This is a project webpage that I have built after a week of class with Epicodus.  It's puprose is to demonstrate the skills that I have learned thus far.  Although I cannot visually demonstrate my ability to work remotely, this project was completed from home and represents a test of that skillset.  My webpage describes briefly my journey to get to this point and also shares some of my hobbies, interests and skills._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

*_This webapage will require minimal setup_
*_It will require an internet browser to display_
*_You'll be required to open the index.html in a new browser_
*_To do this you should be able to either double-click the index.html file_
*_Another option is to click and grab the index.html file to a new browser tab_

## Technologies Used

This webpage was created with html, CSS, and some bootstrap elements.

## Support and Contact Details

_For questions, concerns about this project please contact TAYLOR at taylorphillips133@gmail.com_

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license

Copyright (c) 2020 ** Created by Taylor Phillips at Epicodus

Commit message:

Finished readme by adding known bugs

README.md, after:

#_My journey to Epicodus_

####_This is a project about me to display what I've learned week 1, 3.20.20_

#### By_**Taylor Phillips**_

## Description

_This is a project webpage that I have built after a week of class with Epicodus.  It's puprose is to demonstrate the skills that I have learned thus far.  Although I cannot visually demonstrate my ability to work remotely, this project was completed from home and represents a test of that skillset.  My webpage describes briefly my journey to get to this point and also shares some of my hobbies, interests and skills._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

*_This webapage will require minimal setup_
*_It will require an internet browser to display_
*_You'll be required to open the index.html in a new browser_
*_To do this you should be able to either double-click the index.html file_
*_Another option is to click and grab the index.html file to a new browser tab_

## Technologies Used

_This webpage was created with html, CSS, and some bootstrap elements_

## Known Bugs

_The text and images under 'hobbies and interests' is acting like a link when it should not be_
_Pictures are not floating to correct location_
_Rows are not acting as intended, and are stacked_

## Support and Contact Details

_For questions, concerns about this project please contact TAYLOR at taylorphillips133@gmail.com_

### License

*This software is licensed under the MIT license

Copyright (c) 2020 ** Created by Taylor Phillips at Epicodus
